fix: search bar style for dark theme, icons links (#442)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/configuration.rst

             "logo": "no_logo",
         }

.. note::

    If you use the ``logo`` option, make sure to remove the ``html_logo`` option from the ``conf.py`` file.

>     ``logo`` will override the ``html_logo`` option and display the specified logo.

Author: ```suggestion
    ``logo`` option overrides the ``html_logo`` option and display the specified logo.
```
